I'm I'm having a hard time grasping at
it and it does that mean you're having a
hard time putting it into words yes and
I think some do me a favor just go to
your heart instead of your your brain
like just literally put your attention
in your
heart what what's the heart's
answer no that was the brain to get out
of the brain
heart in this coaching session that
happened in one of our public q& is a
woman shows up wondering what are her
specific gifts to give to the world and
what she discovers is something that
she's been doing for years that is
constantly causing her pain and how to
avoid it so my question is I'm noticing
my heart's racing a bit yeah
[Music]
um is how do I know what I uniquely have
to
offer how was that question different
than like what is my
purpose H the
purpose feels a little bit clearer but
the
how and what
makes yeah like what is my kind of
unique how what's your
purpose I just want to help people live
more joyful lives
oh
cool great so that okay so I see I see
that I see what your how the distinction
is
happening what makes you think you need
to decide that
answer what if what if you said what
what would what do you think would
happen if you said you know
what I know my purpose is to help people
leave more joy lives and I'm I'm going
to see how that unfolds I know that I
because I'm so clear on my purpose I'm
just going to see how that unfolds and
everywhere I go I'm going to be doing
that and then I'm just going to see how
that happens what what what do you think
would go
down that sounds like a blast and kind
of like what I've been doing okay and it
feels like I'm looking for language
around well what makes
what's my superpower what makes me
uniquely me more from a business
perspective how joyful is that
search it's it feels very by the book
and not very expansive yeah yeah yeah so
if the universe let that work for you it
would really be [__] you hard like
would be like here I'm going to teach
you how to get people to Joy by being
completely not a joy this was going to
be
wonderful is that not how it
[Laughter]
works yeah I guess I'm trying to fit
into a mold of well you should know what
you're really great at and your Genius
and your superpower and kind of these
fixed buckets yeah because that's what
makes a joyful
world right
yeah the interesting thing on top of
that is that I know you know the answer
to
that yeah I I'm I'm having a hard time
grasping at it and it is that mean
you're having a hard time putting it
into words yes and I think some do me a
favor just go to your heart instead of
your your brain like just literally put
your attention in your heart
what what's the heart's
answer no that was the brain to get out
of the brain
heart it take it's going to take its
time don't don't force
anything it's very
warm yeah
it's very warm and
loving
yeah that seems like at least two of
your
gifts it's also
chill
yeah
yeah so how many people do you think
just in the Greater Austin area need
warm loving
chill probably more than
one you might want to add
humor yeah
yeah
yeah like noticing this space is like
there's not frantic energy it's just
very spacious yeah so your your gift and
what you want to give is
this and then you somehow go into your
head
to which takes you away from the thing
that you want to
give takes you away from the
actual your your
superpowers yeah yeah
yeah I can just stay with that yeah and
you can speak from there
too what do you do I mean I literally
sat with one of the one of the better
coaches that I've ever met he was he was
pretty world famous literally we're on
like this Summit at Sea thing I don't
know how the hell we got there but and
so there's like all the it's like this
big connecting event and we were
overwhelmed by it so we were sitting on
like the deck chairs of this boat and
somebody came along some like important
person came along and they were like
what do you do for a living and he's
like I help people die
better that was that was his answer and
this famous person's like immediately
sat down and
like and like they started a
conversation and he became a
client I just help people die better and
he never had answered the question like
that before
for but he was coming from his bace that
is the
gift what you're calling the gift I
would just call his nature yeah and that
was where he was he was just hanging out
[Music]
there years ago a friend introduced me
and the person he was introducing me to
said oh and what does she do and he just
said she motivates people yeah and it it
was one of the most singular moments of
feeling seen that I've ever had well
there you go yeah what's the so why
what's with the wild goose chase when
you've had the
answer I think it's trying to fit
into a framework that somebody else has
created for how we articulate ourselves
and for what makes what what validates
our how many times have you done that
how many times have you tried to put
yourself in some framework that is going
to apparently validate you to
some oh my gosh probably many and it's
always awkward
contortionist
experience
yeah yeah
yeah yeah you want to apologize to
yourself for doing that
yeah I'm G to look at my frame yeah
good I'm so sorry for trying to force
you
into somebody
else's rigid
framework when really that has nothing
to do with
me and I love you
thank you you're welcome what a pleasure